# Notes

The note is some kind of available user's asset. The note indicates that an asset is owned by the owner of the spending key $$\sigma$$which was used to [derive private address](../zkbob-keys/address-derivation.md).

A private address is a value strictly associated with the user account. It consists of a random value called a diversifier and a diversified public key derived from the diversifier using the spending key

The note is created by the asset sender. The note and its hash are placed in the transaction.

A note is a tuple $$(d, P_d, b, t)$$where

* $$d$$ (10 bytes) is a diversifier (a random value generated by a note owner)
* $$P_d$$ (32 bytes) is diversified public key (a value derived from the $$d$$ and spending key $$\sigma$$)
* $$b$$(8 bytes) is a note balance (an asset amount transferred by this note)
* $$t$$(10 bytes) is a salt. Since the transaction contains note hashes we must use a random salt to hide notes with same owners and balances

Due to transactions private nature, all notes are encrypted. They can be decrypted by a sender or receiver (note owner) only. The sender decrypts notes to obtain outcome transaction history. The note receiver (owner) can decrypt it with the spending key $$\sigma$$ which was used to generate a [private address](../zkbob-keys/address-derivation.md) $$(d, P_d)$$specified in the note.

{% hint style="info" %}
#### Zero note

There is one extra state for the note. When the user creates a transaction he can put one or more zero output notes. They will ignored while transaction parsing. In such note **all** fields are zero.
{% endhint %}
