implementation/deployed-contracts.md, before:

# Deployed Contracts

## Polygon

RPC: [https://rpc.ankr.com/polygon](https://rpc.ankr.com/polygon)\
Chain ID: 137\
zkBob Pool ID: 0

| Contract name                                                                      | Address                                                                                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| BOB Token                                                                          | [0xB0B195aEFA3650A6908f15CdaC7D92F8a5791B0B](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xB0B195aEFA3650A6908f15CdaC7D92F8a5791B0B) |
| BOB Token Implementation                                                           | [0x98DB3A72BeF2145A8F8d8B94F81317341Af2b08C](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x98DB3A72BeF2145A8F8d8B94F81317341Af2b08C) |
| zkBob Pool                                                                         | [0x72e6b59d4a90ab232e55d4bb7ed2dd17494d62fb](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x72e6b59d4a90ab232e55d4bb7ed2dd17494d62fb) |
| zkBob Pool Implementation                                                          | [0x0eDcE5CAf830c6b845503001D8378b0d4F3b89bB](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x0edce5caf830c6b845503001d8378b0d4f3b89bb) |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue                                                        | [0x668c5286eAD26fAC5fa944887F9D2F20f7DDF289](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x668c5286ead26fac5fa944887f9d2f20f7ddf289) |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue Implementation                                         | [0x7883cfA8D367c433985fa320B4491489e9D3F6cD](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x7883cfa8d367c433985fa320b4491489e9d3f6cd) |
| Operator Manager                                                                   | [0x8aEb89D5C689C2cf373Fe8b56c7A0cD5BDc74CE6](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x8aEb89D5C689C2cf373Fe8b56c7A0cD5BDc74CE6) |
| KYC Manager                                                                        | [0xb8580Ea6312DD2311d72bC932b0354A07d974138](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xb8580ea6312dd2311d72bc932b0354a07d974138) |
| Transfer Verifier                                                                  | [0xA86C511832eAd78d30ad49711874a9F3a1dfb840](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xa86c511832ead78d30ad49711874a9f3a1dfb840) |
| Tree Update Verifier                                                               | [0x82907eAeB25D248dC82033E45b00A3E012Ba2d0D](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x82907eAeB25D248dC82033E45b00A3E012Ba2d0D) |
| Batch Direct Deposit Verifier                                                      | [0x9a7B4198065efE631a962e737bDfE1f44f2CB3EE](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x9a7b4198065efe631a962e737bdfe1f44f2cb3ee) |
| Relayer (Operator) Address                                                         | [0xc2c4AD59B78F4A0aFD0CDB8133E640Db08Fa5b90](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xc2c4AD59B78F4A0aFD0CDB8133E640Db08Fa5b90) |
| Governance Multisig                                                                | [0xd4a3D9Ca00fa1fD8833D560F9217458E61c446d8](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xd4a3D9Ca00fa1fD8833D560F9217458E61c446d8) |
| MATIC Faucet (sends 0.1 MATIC to addresses with 0 balance on withdrawal >= 10 BOB) | [0xdf59ba2cf116397de71cf18d85eaa286ce6759ba](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xdf59ba2cf116397de71cf18d85eaa286ce6759ba) |

## Optimism

RPC: [https://rpc.ankr.com/optimism](https://rpc.ankr.com/optimism)\
Chain ID: 10\
zkBob Pool ID: 1

| Contract name                              | Address                                                                                                                          |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| BOB Token                                  | [0xB0B195aEFA3650A6908f15CdaC7D92F8a5791B0B](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xb0b195aefa3650a6908f15cdac7d92f8a5791b0b) |
| BOB Token Implementation                   | [0x82907eAeB25D248dC82033E45b00A3E012Ba2d0D](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x82907eaeb25d248dc82033e45b00a3e012ba2d0d) |
| zkBob Pool                                 | [0x1CA8C2B9B20E18e86d5b9a72370fC6c91814c97C](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x1ca8c2b9b20e18e86d5b9a72370fc6c91814c97c) |
| zkBob Pool Implementation                  | [0xF321a98DFFe0c790A84BbE754811f3918a431ab9](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xf321a98dffe0c790a84bbe754811f3918a431ab9) |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue                | [0x15B8C75c024acba8c114C21F42eb515A762c0014](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x15b8c75c024acba8c114c21f42eb515a762c0014) |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue Implementation | [0x6C8Fc6D273500d06DA01ED517dd072A32df59088](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x6c8fc6d273500d06da01ed517dd072a32df59088) |
| Operator Manager                           | [0xF853E272893035a8C6A82616B7b442aB329D92D9](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xf853e272893035a8c6a82616b7b442ab329d92d9) |
| Transfer Verifier                          | [0x7aD8d97c60BFb59e501e3b6C1d8E564b0bB8195d](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x7ad8d97c60bfb59e501e3b6c1d8e564b0bb8195d) |
| Tree Update Verifier                       | [0x2C34aFcB1c51796c3c0C7710c72a56Eb72E1E81D](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x2c34afcb1c51796c3c0c7710c72a56eb72e1e81d) |
| Batch Direct Deposit Verifier              | [0x85afa00f38aD5F353C2B80985407b8E8A27eA38f](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x85afa00f38ad5f353c2b80985407b8e8a27ea38f) |
| Relayer (Operator) Address                 | [0xb9CD01c0b417b4e9095f620aE2f849A84a9B1690](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xb9cd01c0b417b4e9095f620ae2f849a84a9b1690) |
| Governance Multisig                        | [0x14fc6a1a996A2EB889cF86e5c8cD17323bC85290](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x14fc6a1a996a2eb889cf86e5c8cd17323bc85290) |

## Sepolia Testnet

RPC: [https://rpc.sepolia.org](https://rpc.sepolia.org/)\
Chain ID: 11155111\
Faucet: [https://sepolia-faucet.pk910.de](https://sepolia-faucet.pk910.de) , [https://grabteeth.xyz/](https://grabteeth.xyz/)\
zkBob Pool ID: 0

| Contract name                              | Address                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| BOB Token                                  | [0x2C74B18e2f84B78ac67428d0c7a9898515f0c46f](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/token/0x2c74b18e2f84b78ac67428d0c7a9898515f0c46f)                    |
| BOB Token Implementation                   | [0xab9d92142b8bf88c4e3b978dc1468a9f62d43de2](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xab9d92142b8bf88c4e3b978dc1468a9f62d43de2#code)             |
| zkBob Pool                                 | [0x3bd088C19960A8B5d72E4e01847791BD0DD1C9E6](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x3bd088c19960a8b5d72e4e01847791bd0dd1c9e6)                  |
| zkBob Pool Implementation                  | [0x68b2c50b52F1D646142751E3A5c9eB5041ff2094](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x68b2c50b52F1D646142751E3A5c9eB5041ff2094)                  |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue                | [0xE3Dd183ffa70BcFC442A0B9991E682cA8A442Ade](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xE3Dd183ffa70BcFC442A0B9991E682cA8A442Ade)                  |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue Implementation | [0x2aC9fcC6c4319e4056581d29B0E2f3177246b5F4](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x2aC9fcC6c4319e4056581d29B0E2f3177246b5F4)                  |
| Operator Manager                           | [0xe342ca03a553383c1983b892c24290c1ce1b614f](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xe342ca03a553383c1983b892c24290c1ce1b614f)                  |
| KYC Manager                                | [0x98DB3A72BeF2145A8F8d8B94F81317341Af2b08C](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x98DB3A72BeF2145A8F8d8B94F81317341Af2b08C)                  |
| Transfer Verifier                          | [0x5573D865cF113d44d219FaF1b26F5785Cb2eA3EE](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x5573D865cF113d44d219FaF1b26F5785Cb2eA3EE)                  |
| Tree Update Verifier                       | [0x4b6f007a91c5733cd4f8bbec5ba5951f8303cdab](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x4b6f007a91c5733cd4f8bbec5ba5951f8303cdab)                  |
| Batch Direct Deposit Verifier              | [0xB5Fe2F991db54B6c9362FE2ace8f78C9Dd05277e](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xB5Fe2F991db54B6c9362FE2ace8f78C9Dd05277e)                  |
| Relayer (Operator) Address                 | [0xBA6f711e1D4dB0CBfbC09D1d11C5Fb7445160673](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xba6f711e1d4db0cbfbc09d1d11c5fb7445160673)                  |
| BOB Faucet                                 | [0xb9988D599A64723462955BfC8441F1Af90335796](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xb9988D599A64723462955BfC8441F1Af90335796#writeContract#F1) |

## Goerli Testnet

RPC: [https://rpc.ankr.com/eth\_goerli](https://rpc.ankr.com/eth\_goerli)\
Chain ID: 5\
Faucet: [https://grabteeth.xyz/](https://grabteeth.xyz/)\
zkBob Pool ID: 16776962 (`0xffff02`)

| Contract name                              | Address                                                                                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| BOB Token                                  | [0x97a4ab97028466FE67F18A6cd67559BAABE391b8](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x97a4ab97028466FE67F18A6cd67559BAABE391b8)                  |
| BOB Token Implementation                   | [0x60a11fba848D6BA85632f70077d3EdFdA5678087](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x60a11fba848D6BA85632f70077d3EdFdA5678087)                  |
| zkBob Pool                                 | [0x49661694a71B3Dab9F25E86D5df2809B170c56E6](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x49661694a71B3Dab9F25E86D5df2809B170c56E6)                  |
| zkBob Pool Implementation                  | [0x29e49d760773EBd52BBD820cfEEd3f07410f2De1](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x29e49d760773EBd52BBD820cfEEd3f07410f2De1)                  |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue                | [0xE4C77B7787cC116A5E1549c5BB36DE07732100Bb](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0xE4C77B7787cC116A5E1549c5BB36DE07732100Bb)                  |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue Implementation | [0x4B3F23A9e69c12339fDC1c6cD5e54F43a5CFcDb0](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x4B3F23A9e69c12339fDC1c6cD5e54F43a5CFcDb0)                  |
| Operator Manager                           | [0x3f6c6Aaa1674e7178dbD521b1b65DBf61580F00d](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x3f6c6Aaa1674e7178dbD521b1b65DBf61580F00d)                  |
| Transfer Verifier                          | [0xAb76044aA1Bd8E55461263BA7d25d122638DAD6d](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0xAb76044aA1Bd8E55461263BA7d25d122638DAD6d)                  |
| Tree Update Verifier                       | [0x0043e6fF8032299616C770a264a9c6FD1157EF48](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x0043e6fF8032299616C770a264a9c6FD1157EF48)                  |
| Batch Direct Deposit Verifier              | [0x7a5f24D03Aa69F3aB02968CdCA796a8B11E2527d](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x7a5f24D03Aa69F3aB02968CdCA796a8B11E2527d)                  |
| Relayer (Operator) Address                 | [0xc45da11d73e6BA6c6b866b26feaae106406D95b5](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0xc45da11d73e6ba6c6b866b26feaae106406d95b5)                  |
| BOB Faucet                                 | [0x98DB3A72BeF2145A8F8d8B94F81317341Af2b08C](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x98db3a72bef2145a8f8d8b94f81317341af2b08c#writeContract#F1) |

Commit message:

GITBOOK-493: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

implementation/deployed-contracts.md, after:

---
description: zkBob deployed contracts
---

# Deployed Contracts

{% hint style="info" %}
Contract deployments in this section cover all aspects of the zkBob application deployed on several networks.\
\
For BOB specific contract info on other networks ( Ethereum Mainnet, Arbitrum etc) see the [BOB FAQs](../bob-stablecoin/bob-stablecoin-faq.md#what-are-the-bob-contract-details). \
\
Note the BOB stablecoin is deployed with the same address on all networks: `0xB0B195aEFA3650A6908f15CdaC7D92F8a5791B0B`\

{% endhint %}

## Polygon

RPC: [https://rpc.ankr.com/polygon](https://rpc.ankr.com/polygon)\
Chain ID: 137\
zkBob Pool ID: 0

| Contract name                                                                      | Address                                                                                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| BOB Token                                                                          | [0xB0B195aEFA3650A6908f15CdaC7D92F8a5791B0B](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xB0B195aEFA3650A6908f15CdaC7D92F8a5791B0B) |
| BOB Token Implementation                                                           | [0x98DB3A72BeF2145A8F8d8B94F81317341Af2b08C](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x98DB3A72BeF2145A8F8d8B94F81317341Af2b08C) |
| zkBob Pool                                                                         | [0x72e6b59d4a90ab232e55d4bb7ed2dd17494d62fb](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x72e6b59d4a90ab232e55d4bb7ed2dd17494d62fb) |
| zkBob Pool Implementation                                                          | [0x0eDcE5CAf830c6b845503001D8378b0d4F3b89bB](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x0edce5caf830c6b845503001d8378b0d4f3b89bb) |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue                                                        | [0x668c5286eAD26fAC5fa944887F9D2F20f7DDF289](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x668c5286ead26fac5fa944887f9d2f20f7ddf289) |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue Implementation                                         | [0x7883cfA8D367c433985fa320B4491489e9D3F6cD](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x7883cfa8d367c433985fa320b4491489e9d3f6cd) |
| Operator Manager                                                                   | [0x8aEb89D5C689C2cf373Fe8b56c7A0cD5BDc74CE6](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x8aEb89D5C689C2cf373Fe8b56c7A0cD5BDc74CE6) |
| KYC Manager                                                                        | [0xb8580Ea6312DD2311d72bC932b0354A07d974138](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xb8580ea6312dd2311d72bc932b0354a07d974138) |
| Transfer Verifier                                                                  | [0xA86C511832eAd78d30ad49711874a9F3a1dfb840](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xa86c511832ead78d30ad49711874a9f3a1dfb840) |
| Tree Update Verifier                                                               | [0x82907eAeB25D248dC82033E45b00A3E012Ba2d0D](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x82907eAeB25D248dC82033E45b00A3E012Ba2d0D) |
| Batch Direct Deposit Verifier                                                      | [0x9a7B4198065efE631a962e737bDfE1f44f2CB3EE](https://polygonscan.com/address/0x9a7b4198065efe631a962e737bdfe1f44f2cb3ee) |
| Relayer (Operator) Address                                                         | [0xc2c4AD59B78F4A0aFD0CDB8133E640Db08Fa5b90](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xc2c4AD59B78F4A0aFD0CDB8133E640Db08Fa5b90) |
| Governance Multisig                                                                | [0xd4a3D9Ca00fa1fD8833D560F9217458E61c446d8](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xd4a3D9Ca00fa1fD8833D560F9217458E61c446d8) |
| MATIC Faucet (sends 0.1 MATIC to addresses with 0 balance on withdrawal >= 10 BOB) | [0xdf59ba2cf116397de71cf18d85eaa286ce6759ba](https://polygonscan.com/address/0xdf59ba2cf116397de71cf18d85eaa286ce6759ba) |

## Optimism

RPC: [https://rpc.ankr.com/optimism](https://rpc.ankr.com/optimism)\
Chain ID: 10\
zkBob Pool ID: 1

| Contract name                              | Address                                                                                                                          |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| BOB Token                                  | [0xB0B195aEFA3650A6908f15CdaC7D92F8a5791B0B](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xb0b195aefa3650a6908f15cdac7d92f8a5791b0b) |
| BOB Token Implementation                   | [0x82907eAeB25D248dC82033E45b00A3E012Ba2d0D](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x82907eaeb25d248dc82033e45b00a3e012ba2d0d) |
| zkBob Pool                                 | [0x1CA8C2B9B20E18e86d5b9a72370fC6c91814c97C](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x1ca8c2b9b20e18e86d5b9a72370fc6c91814c97c) |
| zkBob Pool Implementation                  | [0xF321a98DFFe0c790A84BbE754811f3918a431ab9](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xf321a98dffe0c790a84bbe754811f3918a431ab9) |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue                | [0x15B8C75c024acba8c114C21F42eb515A762c0014](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x15b8c75c024acba8c114c21f42eb515a762c0014) |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue Implementation | [0x6C8Fc6D273500d06DA01ED517dd072A32df59088](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x6c8fc6d273500d06da01ed517dd072a32df59088) |
| Operator Manager                           | [0xF853E272893035a8C6A82616B7b442aB329D92D9](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xf853e272893035a8c6a82616b7b442ab329d92d9) |
| Transfer Verifier                          | [0x7aD8d97c60BFb59e501e3b6C1d8E564b0bB8195d](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x7ad8d97c60bfb59e501e3b6c1d8e564b0bb8195d) |
| Tree Update Verifier                       | [0x2C34aFcB1c51796c3c0C7710c72a56Eb72E1E81D](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x2c34afcb1c51796c3c0c7710c72a56eb72e1e81d) |
| Batch Direct Deposit Verifier              | [0x85afa00f38aD5F353C2B80985407b8E8A27eA38f](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x85afa00f38ad5f353c2b80985407b8e8a27ea38f) |
| Relayer (Operator) Address                 | [0xb9CD01c0b417b4e9095f620aE2f849A84a9B1690](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xb9cd01c0b417b4e9095f620ae2f849a84a9b1690) |
| Governance Multisig                        | [0x14fc6a1a996A2EB889cF86e5c8cD17323bC85290](https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0x14fc6a1a996a2eb889cf86e5c8cd17323bc85290) |

## Sepolia Testnet

RPC: [https://rpc.sepolia.org](https://rpc.sepolia.org/)\
Chain ID: 11155111\
Faucet: [https://sepolia-faucet.pk910.de](https://sepolia-faucet.pk910.de) , [https://grabteeth.xyz/](https://grabteeth.xyz/)\
zkBob Pool ID: 0

| Contract name                              | Address                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| BOB Token                                  | [0x2C74B18e2f84B78ac67428d0c7a9898515f0c46f](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/token/0x2c74b18e2f84b78ac67428d0c7a9898515f0c46f)                    |
| BOB Token Implementation                   | [0xab9d92142b8bf88c4e3b978dc1468a9f62d43de2](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xab9d92142b8bf88c4e3b978dc1468a9f62d43de2#code)             |
| zkBob Pool                                 | [0x3bd088C19960A8B5d72E4e01847791BD0DD1C9E6](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x3bd088c19960a8b5d72e4e01847791bd0dd1c9e6)                  |
| zkBob Pool Implementation                  | [0x68b2c50b52F1D646142751E3A5c9eB5041ff2094](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x68b2c50b52F1D646142751E3A5c9eB5041ff2094)                  |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue                | [0xE3Dd183ffa70BcFC442A0B9991E682cA8A442Ade](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xE3Dd183ffa70BcFC442A0B9991E682cA8A442Ade)                  |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue Implementation | [0x2aC9fcC6c4319e4056581d29B0E2f3177246b5F4](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x2aC9fcC6c4319e4056581d29B0E2f3177246b5F4)                  |
| Operator Manager                           | [0xe342ca03a553383c1983b892c24290c1ce1b614f](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xe342ca03a553383c1983b892c24290c1ce1b614f)                  |
| KYC Manager                                | [0x98DB3A72BeF2145A8F8d8B94F81317341Af2b08C](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x98DB3A72BeF2145A8F8d8B94F81317341Af2b08C)                  |
| Transfer Verifier                          | [0x5573D865cF113d44d219FaF1b26F5785Cb2eA3EE](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x5573D865cF113d44d219FaF1b26F5785Cb2eA3EE)                  |
| Tree Update Verifier                       | [0x4b6f007a91c5733cd4f8bbec5ba5951f8303cdab](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x4b6f007a91c5733cd4f8bbec5ba5951f8303cdab)                  |
| Batch Direct Deposit Verifier              | [0xB5Fe2F991db54B6c9362FE2ace8f78C9Dd05277e](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xB5Fe2F991db54B6c9362FE2ace8f78C9Dd05277e)                  |
| Relayer (Operator) Address                 | [0xBA6f711e1D4dB0CBfbC09D1d11C5Fb7445160673](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xba6f711e1d4db0cbfbc09d1d11c5fb7445160673)                  |
| BOB Faucet                                 | [0xb9988D599A64723462955BfC8441F1Af90335796](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xb9988D599A64723462955BfC8441F1Af90335796#writeContract#F1) |

## Goerli Testnet

RPC: [https://rpc.ankr.com/eth\_goerli](https://rpc.ankr.com/eth\_goerli)\
Chain ID: 5\
Faucet: [https://grabteeth.xyz/](https://grabteeth.xyz/)\
zkBob Pool ID: 16776962 (`0xffff02`)

| Contract name                              | Address                                                                                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| BOB Token                                  | [0x97a4ab97028466FE67F18A6cd67559BAABE391b8](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x97a4ab97028466FE67F18A6cd67559BAABE391b8)                  |
| BOB Token Implementation                   | [0x60a11fba848D6BA85632f70077d3EdFdA5678087](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x60a11fba848D6BA85632f70077d3EdFdA5678087)                  |
| zkBob Pool                                 | [0x49661694a71B3Dab9F25E86D5df2809B170c56E6](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x49661694a71B3Dab9F25E86D5df2809B170c56E6)                  |
| zkBob Pool Implementation                  | [0x29e49d760773EBd52BBD820cfEEd3f07410f2De1](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x29e49d760773EBd52BBD820cfEEd3f07410f2De1)                  |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue                | [0xE4C77B7787cC116A5E1549c5BB36DE07732100Bb](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0xE4C77B7787cC116A5E1549c5BB36DE07732100Bb)                  |
| zkBob Direct Deposits Queue Implementation | [0x4B3F23A9e69c12339fDC1c6cD5e54F43a5CFcDb0](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x4B3F23A9e69c12339fDC1c6cD5e54F43a5CFcDb0)                  |
| Operator Manager                           | [0x3f6c6Aaa1674e7178dbD521b1b65DBf61580F00d](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x3f6c6Aaa1674e7178dbD521b1b65DBf61580F00d)                  |
| Transfer Verifier                          | [0xAb76044aA1Bd8E55461263BA7d25d122638DAD6d](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0xAb76044aA1Bd8E55461263BA7d25d122638DAD6d)                  |
| Tree Update Verifier                       | [0x0043e6fF8032299616C770a264a9c6FD1157EF48](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x0043e6fF8032299616C770a264a9c6FD1157EF48)                  |
| Batch Direct Deposit Verifier              | [0x7a5f24D03Aa69F3aB02968CdCA796a8B11E2527d](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x7a5f24D03Aa69F3aB02968CdCA796a8B11E2527d)                  |
| Relayer (Operator) Address                 | [0xc45da11d73e6BA6c6b866b26feaae106406D95b5](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0xc45da11d73e6ba6c6b866b26feaae106406d95b5)                  |
| BOB Faucet                                 | [0x98DB3A72BeF2145A8F8d8B94F81317341Af2b08C](https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x98db3a72bef2145a8f8d8b94f81317341af2b08c#writeContract#F1) |
